1: No discrimination 
discrimination of any kind is not allowed. Jokes made at the expense of autistic, disabled, and LGBTQ+ individuals are not allowed. 
Transphobes, homophobes, MAPs, racists, bigots, etc, are not allowed, if you are one of these keep that mindset off our platform. 
Futanari & Trap as a term and “identity” are considered offensive to trans-identifying persons and such behavior is not condoned on this platform. 
However, intersex individuals are not excluded, and are welcome here.
Regardless of your age or where you come from - please be respectful and sensible. 
Do not post information in your profile downplaying or belittling other players; no one wants to see this. 
We will remove it, and repeated offenses will result in a ban.
We do not support toxicity.
When reporting bad behavior, use the discord or our report feature.
DO NOT discuss your issue in game or contact others in the discord about your issue, be responsible and talk to the admins, let us handle it.
If you're issue is not handled how you would like, do not continue pursuing the issue, let it go.
If you are found to be hounding admins or members about your issue, you will be banned.

2: Protect yourself and others
Do not give out personal information.
Do not discuss politics or share heavy political related content in your profile.
Do not give personal information or dox other members and post their information in your profile.
This will get you banned, even if you are correct and the person is a convicted felon.
People change with time, this is not a place to witch hunt.

3: Keep your profiles appropriate
Please do not post NSFW images without marking as NSFW. The same applies to Triggering topics, use the Trigger and 18+ tags appropriately.
You will not receive support for ethically questionable profiles.
Furthermore, if you post ethically questionable profiles it can be removed and your account may be banned.
Non adult profiles that contains nsfw images of said character will be removed, and you may again be banned 
This does not apply to dwarf like characters)
If a character is an adult canonically, and have reason canonically for their height / appearance, this is not reportable.
Arguing about what is ethically questionable will get you banned.